some afternoons and happiness dollars
hello good afternoon thank you very much
Valencian rafa that every time he is also made facial with roberto
commercial was the deceptive result
all companies the difficult thing is not to get the party to start
in the locker room she's pretty worried because I have a
swear poyet
the hand that costs me
to tie to the right
but good percent
its stadium
it's a bit cumbersome but the thing pretty much worked well
and the result, because they from Santa Coloma have emphasized that they are always
refuge --reserved Spain senator of traffic lights
on this surface is above ground I think that
maybe a little more and
and I think there's
kia and covaresa precipitates a little bit made more mistakes than usual
because to force a little more of the account and I can take advantage of that and I think
which is a match
the victory would be very happy for that
the room second question clear alberto berasátegui the third a man who
you know well we are placing
rafa happiness sp
it was that state with firm step at the same time
with firm step to defend this this title
was found abandoned that has had
e these last ones already to have a tad of problems to somebody in the sideboard
blister that the entrance also like
as he had done in Monte Carlo but for others the truth that luckily
today was the day that was left for the best ball and the warming of the
party has made a correct match for me is an important victory
soberón rival that was the one that worries me enough
iy good we'll see yesterday another day tomorrow another game
complicated against James may you have to try to follow
when it comes trying, it must be won tomorrow and we'll see
rafael acosta lion there will be a little to zero a man a friend a partner me
enter north is very culé
and he wants to drink at the bar they train as tutelage but the question
part france night
najar was not easy efe
I wanted to leave
it is time for sanctions without flattery that on TV sometimes matches have
a little
3 - I really wanted to know how he got off on the track
efe and yes it is a feeling of having played well
yes wolf also if the moment is 1 7 you have seen that it is a duty complicates a
little party
the feeling is enclosed
I tell you not on TV many times they deceive supposedly the subject of appreciating if
one plays well or badly for it is well assessed where the ball goes
I think the track is missing a lot the any ball that skips a ride
kills strong barrier although salter near the saguier box line can
be good the ball is very up
and I think that to charge it hurt a lot especially when it came or upside down all the
second set the time has been completed with micro lion 3 12 of work can
count has made a mistake
I did not have an important setback and I took advantage of it after I saw that
that if they managed to play a few balls in a row high or vice versa
I left the right paya
but well I think that my some great sensations of neither
bad I think that much better than they should be swallowing that this law
could start the tournament
will give name to which they make us run is very good news part hundred
without suffering more than the bill
/ rafa thank you very much I imagine that those who want the barsa no and
Of course
without reaction of the Spaniards
tricolor rows
equal to the wage bill of the new novel is to comply with your belief that if not
you have to make do, just sure yes
the campus that is drunk part but could not with the hotel
in Dutch football after the two goals with silvio white shirt
berlusconi